Improvement - PEM Linux Install guide (#2239)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/pem_inst_guide_linux/04_installing_postgres_enterprise_manager/01_prerequisites_for_installing_pem_server.mdx

    The `pg_hba.conf` file on the backend database can be configured to use any supported authentication methods (for example: md5, trust,...) for connections. For information about modifying the `pg_hba.conf` file, see the [PostgreSQL core documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/auth-pg-hba-conf.html).

3.  Ensure that the `sslutils` extension is installed.

    -   On an Advanced Server backend database, the `sslutils` extension is installed by default.

>     -   If you are using a PostgreSQL backend database, ensure you have access to the PostgreSQL community repository, and use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   If you are using a PostgreSQL backend database, ensure you have access to the PostgreSQL community repository. Use the applicable install command for your operating system:
```

    For RHEL/Rocky Linux/AlmaLinux/OL/CentOS 7,

    ```text
    yum install postgresql_<x>_sslutils     
    ```

    Where, `x` is the server version.

    For RHEL/Rocky Linux/AlmaLinux/OL 8

    ```text
    dnf install postgresql_<x>_sslutils
    ```

    Where, `x` is the server version.

    For Debian/Ubuntu,

    ```text
    apt install postgresql_<x>_sslutils
    ```
    
    Where, `x` is the server version.

    For SLES,

    ```text
    zypper install postgresql-<x>_sslutils
    ```

    Where, `x` is the server version.

    Please note that Debian 10 and Ubuntu 20 has increased the requirements to accept the certificates due to security reason. If a user wants to install the PEM Agent on any of the machines, they must upgrade `ssltuils` to 1.3 where 4096 bit RSA key and sha256 signature algorithm support has added.If the user does not upgrade `sslutils` to 1.3, then PEM Agent may fail to connect to the PEM backend database server, and it might log the error `ca md too weak`.
     

4.  Adjust your firewall restrictions.

    If you are using a firewall, you must allow access to port `8443` on the PEM backend database:

>     For RHEL/Rocky Linux/AlmaLinux/OL/CentOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For RHEL/Rocky Linux/AlmaLinux/OL/CentOS,
```
